Update doc on mounts (#3607)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/platform/src/create-apps/app-reference.md

| `source_path` | `string`             | Yes      | The subdirectory within the mounted disk (the source) where the mount should point. If an empty string is passed, points to the entire directory. |
| `service`     | `string`             |          | The name of the [network storage service](../add-services/network-storage.md). |

<--->
<!-- Upsun -->

| Name          | Type                 | Required | Description |
| ------------- | -------------------- | -------- | ----------- |

> | `source`      | `storage`, `service`, or `tmp` | Yes      | Specifies the mount type. Set to: </br> - `storage` so your mount can be shared between instances of the same app.</br> - `service` so your mount can be shared between several apps.</br> - `tmp` to mount a directory within the `/tmp` directory of your app.`tmp` mounts are local ephemeral mounts that are removed when the app container is moved to another host. They allow you to store files that you're not afraid to lose, such as your application cache, without having to create a symlink to `/tmp` in your build hook.</br>Note that the  `/tmp` directory has a [maximum allocation of 4 GB](/create-apps/troubleshoot-disks.md#no-space-left-on-device). If your project requires more disk, [contact Support](/learn/overview/get-support.md).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `source`      | `storage`, `service`, or `tmp` | Yes      | Specifies the mount type. Set to: </br> - `storage` so your mount can be shared between instances of the same app.</br> - `service` so your mount can be shared between several apps (using the Network Storage service).</br> - `tmp` to mount a directory within the `/tmp` directory of your app.`tmp` mounts are local ephemeral mounts; their content may be removed during infrastructure maintenance operations. They allow you to store files that you're not afraid to lose, such as your application cache, without having to create a symlink to `/tmp` in your build hook.</br>Note that the  `/tmp` directory has a [maximum allocation of 8 GB](/create-apps/troubleshoot-disks.md#no-space-left-on-device). If your project requires more disk, [contact Support](/learn/overview/get-support.md).  |
```

☝️ Probably needs link to the network storage service doc page.

| `source_path` | `string`             | Yes      | The subdirectory within the mounted disk (the source) where the mount should point. If an empty string is passed, points to the entire directory. |
| `service`     | `string`             |          | The name of the [network storage service](../add-services/network-storage.md). |

{{% /version/specific %}}

Example:

{{% version/specific %}}
<!-- Platform.sh -->
```yaml {configFile="app"}
    mounts:

>       '/.tmp_platformsh':

Author: Committed

      '/node_modules/.cache':
        source: tmp
        source_path: files/node_modules/.cache
```

<--->
<!-- Upsun -->
```yaml {configFile="app"}
applications:
    myapp:
        source:
            root: "/"
        type: nodejs:20
        mounts:
          '/.tmp_upsun':
            source: tmp
            source_path: files/tmp_upsun
          '/build':
            source: storage
            source_path: files/build
          '/.cache':
            source: tmp
            source_path: files/.cache
          '/node_modules/.cache':
            source: tmp
            source_path: files/node_modules/.cache
```
{{% /version/specific %}}

For examples of how to set up a `service` mount, see the dedicated [Network Storage page](/add-services/network-storage.md).

The accessibility to the web of a mounted directory depends on the [`web.locations` configuration](#web).
Files can be all public, all private, or with different rules for different paths and file types.

Note that when you back up an environment,
the mounts on that environment are backed up too.

Also, mounted directories aren't deleted when they're removed from `{{< vendor/configfile "app" >}}`.

> The files still exist on disk until manually removed (or, for `tmp` mounts, until the app container is moved to another host).

Author: Applied

{{% version/only "2" %}}

### Mounts, instances, and Network Storage

On {{% vendor/name %}}, `storage` mounts are widely used as they can be shared between different instances of the same app,
which enables [horizontal scaling](/manage-resources/_index.md).

> Under the hood, `storage` mounts are actually [Network Storage](/add-services/network-storage.md) services.

Author: I hear you, I've tried to simplify it.

> If you want data in a mount to be shared between applications,

Author: Applied

you must explicitly define and use a Network Storage service, but with a `service` source instead of a `storage` one.
To do so, see the dedicated [Network Storage](/add-services/network-storage.md) page.

{{% note %}}

Workers share the Network Storage instance of their parent app container.

{{% /note %}}

If you need a local mount, {{% vendor/name %}} allows you to mount a directory within the `/tmp` directory of your app.
However, keep the following limitations in mind:

- `tmp` mounts are removed when your app container is moved to another host.
- The `/tmp` directory has a [maximum allocation of 4 GB](/create-apps/troubleshoot-disks.md#no-space-left-on-device).
  You can [ask Support](/learn/overview/get-support.md) for more disk,

>   but 8 GB is the maximum that can be allocated to `/tmp`.

Author: Double checked and you're right, max is already 8 GB. I removed the last sentence as I don't think we wan't to encourage users to ask for more.

>   but 8 GB is the maximum that can be allocated to `/tmp`.

Author: Applied

> Therefore, `tmp` mounts are ideal to store non-critical data, such as your application cache,

Author: Applied
